in Sumatra the electrical system
is one of the largest and most
intact
tropical rainforest left in
Southeast Asia it is the only
place in the world where have
Sumatran tigers Sumatran rhinos
from a turn
elephant and around 10 leaving
together in the same place at
the same time
unfortunately the logical system
the forest shrinking for the
last 15 years
I had been dedicating my life to
saving around turns these are on
danse are living in the lowest
rating system in the island of
sumatra indonesia
so the forest of orangutan is
really really appreciate and not
just or on cans
that depends on this forest for
the survival but humans
depends on this forest for many
many reasons and i would say
that the Arlington is actually
the guardian of the forest
because they actually keep
regenerating you know they keep
planting three stay at the best
gardener of the forest and that
means actually add a symbol of
our fight against global warming
unfortunately the local system
the forest in Sumatra and also
emporium shrinking because of
the bad planning
even the electrical system is
not even recognize in the
government special plan
eighty percent of the other hope
that has been gone
mainly for plantation and not
just don't and a suffering
because they're losing head with
that but also many other animals
become victims of human what
like conflict and for a long
time being stranded is a problem
is a big trouble for them
because they can go anywhere we
cannot find food and a piece
like this showing you like you
can go anywhere and you faced
starvation and you can imagine
that like we did with this kind
of situation we are unconscious
have not trace left to go back
to the forest and people can get
access to actually shoot the
mother and get the baby for pit
three
this is a big male around then
kept there for 20 years
you can see this small door
there when he was actually taken
it when he was very small
now he's lucky because she's not
in sifting and this gentleman
look at that handsome and but
unfortunately this guy is
actually really really in
trouble but he's leaving in a
very small for dispatch and we
tried to bring him into a safety
so we come to the plant is an
area and we check every time for
a spot left in the presentation
they surrounded by family
plantation and sometimes we
found this things that is said
no man can survive in the
plantation and we have to rescue
when we rescued or I'm done a
lot of the twist of a topic like
this like that you can see that
very risky dangerous but we have
to do it anyway
otherwise they are in trouble
being shot in or capture or even
die for starvation and then we
have to get the mother
check the health while the arms
and still actually sleep because
of the anesthetic because we
actually went to Les Deux around
10 and not just young around
then but also mail around and
that we have to rescue this
massive animal any up to really
carry and safety sometimes we
have to go find a very best
place
crossing the river and we
sometimes have to cross you know
so I bit swamp and then we have
to move them into a safety in
the interval asif forest and
he's like a happy momentum when
I see actually ordered them
being released is a freedom
this is something that we want
to do we want to achieve this is
our final goal to keep for us as
forest we want to secure a happy
that so we chopped down illegal
immoral trees and we plan them
with forest trees and that is
actually make that my son
planting place with me and then
this is just showing you how we
plant trees for growing a forest
from beginning and we actually
look at from the top and 45
years actually got this
so it's just really really
promising and I believe that
this is like bringing you a new
hope
yet we can do something we can
help our nature and not only
that but animals coming bags
and then this actually read
verses are becoming a playground
for many many animals
so not only that but also many
many people local people coming
to learn and join us to actually
help with the project and this
being just bring a good momentum
for local people that we can
still save for us so it's never
too late to save our nature
so you can do your own beyond
part and i believe you can
contribute in your own way
so please join me and safe our
in forests and mountains
thank you